we asked a few familiar faces what they
thought of the results
what strictly has done is has brought us
all together and I now know Rory Bremner
is a very different man - when I first
joined the show and he's a friend for
life and he's a lovely kind wonderful
man and and it's sad that I went you can
see that see people and they could be
this hard and he started to cry and
actually my knees when every week one
week it might be me but I don't feel
sorry for me I'm fine anybody he was the
first person that I text when I found
out about this gig and I found out about
him getting the kids so so you know
that's that's the nature of the show and
that's what you sign up for and you know
it could be us next week
what's to do I want to say thank you to
absolutely everyone who I get to save
for her